Made wharf-api v5.0.0 compatible (#49)
iver-wharf/wharf-provider-azuredevops: CHANGELOG.md

	https://changelog.md/
-->

## v3.0.0 (WIP)

> - BREAKING: Removed support for `github.com/iver-wharf/wharf-api` v4.2.0 and
>   below. (#49)
> 
> - Added support for `github.com/iver-wharf/wharf-api` v5.0.0. (#49)

Reviewer: nit: Better to state minimum version. Specifying v4.2.0 feels oddly arbitrary, like question pops up of "is there a v4.3.0 that it does support?"

```suggestion
- BREAKING: Removed support for `github.com/iver-wharf/wharf-api` v4.
  Now requires a minimum of wharf-api v5.0.0. (#49)
```

Same applies for your other PRs of the same changeset:
- https://github.com/iver-wharf/wharf-provider-github/pull/45
- https://github.com/iver-wharf/wharf-provider-gitlab/pull/43

## v2.0.2 (WIP)

> - Updated to be compatible with `github.com/iver-wharf/wharf-api` v5.0.0. (#49)

Author: ```suggestion
- BREAKING: Dropped support for `github.com/iver-wharf/wharf-api` v4.2.0 and below. (#49)

- Added support for `github.com/iver-wharf/wharf-api` v5.0.0. (#49)
```
